“When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt.
“It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage — to move in the opposite direction.” – Albert Einstein
“A change is brought about because ordinary people do extraordinary things.” – Barack Obama
“When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” – Carol Burnett
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” – Confucius
“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” — Herman Melville
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started” – Mark Twain
“You have to fight to reach your dream. You have to sacrifice and work hard for it.” – Lionel Messi
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Perseverance and spirit have done wonders in all ages.” – George Washington
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” – Aristotle
“In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.” – Thomas Jefferson
“Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.” – Mother Teresa
“If you want to change the world, change yourself.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.” – Kurt Vonnegut
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” – Steve Jobs
“Whoever would be great among you must be your servant, and whoever would be first among you must be your slave” – Matthew (Bible)
“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.” – Maya Angelou
“Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.” – Warren Bennis
“Hope is the only thing stronger than fear.” – Suzanne Collins
“We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all.” – Emily Dickinson
“Hope is a waking dream.” – Aristotle
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” – Helen Keller
“Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.” – Desmond Tutu
“The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope.” – Barbara Kingsolver
“Hope is a force of nature. Don’t let anyone tell you differently.” – Jim Butcher
“Choose to be optimistic. It feels better.” – Dalai Lama
“Hope is knowing, no matter what, that there is a light.” – Desmond Tutu
“Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.” – Aristotle
“All cruelty springs from weakness.” – Seneca
“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.” – Socrates
“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.” – Lao Tzu
“The measure of a man is what he does with power.” – Plato
“All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think, we become.” – Buddha
“A mind that is fast is sick. A mind that is slow is sound. A mind that is still is divine.” – Chuang Tzu
“The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.” – Marcus Aurelius
“By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.” – Demosthene
“Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.” – Walter Elliot
“The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.” – Moliere
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” – Henry Ford
“Fall seven times, stand up eight.” – Japanese Proverb
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” – Henry Ford
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue those counts.” – Winston Churchill
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.” – Newt Gingrich
“It always seems impossible until it is done.” – Nelson Mandela
 “Life is very interesting. In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths.” – Drew Barrymore
 “Friends are the family we choose for ourselves.” – Edna Buchanan
 “The only way to have a friend is to be one.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
 “A true friend is someone who is there for you when he’d rather be anywhere else.” – Len Wein
 “Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It’s not something you learn in school. But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything.” – Muhammad Ali
 “A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.” – Elbert Hubbard
 “Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world.” – John Evelyn
 “The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.” – Hubert H. Humphrey
 “A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.” – Walter Winchell
 “A friend is one of the nicest things you can have, and one of the best things you can be.” – Douglas Pagels
 “Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.” – Anais Nin
 “All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.” – Galileo Galilei
 “Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.” – Carl Sagan
 “The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.” – Albert Einstein
 “In science, the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not the man to whom the idea first occurs.” – Francis Darwin
 “Science is magic that works.” – Kurt Vonnegut
 “What you learn from a life in science is the vastness of our ignorance.” – David Eagleman
 “The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.” – Stephen Hawking
 “Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.” – Carl Sagan
 “Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
 “The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.” – Thomas Berger
 “The biggest risk is not taking any risk… In a world that’s changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.” – Mark Zuckerberg
 “Don’t be afraid to fail. Be afraid not to try.” – Michael Jordan
 “If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.” – Eddie Colla
 “Take risks. If you win, you’ll be happy. If you lose, you’ll be wise.” – Gina Milicia
 “Do not be afraid to take chances or fall down. Every failure is a step toward success.” – Oprah Winfrey
 “Just do it” – Dan Wieden
 “Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.” – Stephen C. Hogan
 “You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” – Wayne Gretzky
 “If you’re not willing to risk, you cannot grow. If you cannot grow, you cannot become your best. If you cannot become your best, you cannot be happy. If you cannot be happy, what else is there?” – Les Brown
 “Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” – Helen Keller
 “The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for a newer and richer experience.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
 “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
 “Get busy living or get busy dying.” — Stephen King
 “A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.” – Jackie Robinson
 “The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.” – Oprah Winfrey
 “Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.” – Danny Kaye
 “May you live all the days of your life.” – Jonathan Swift
 “Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.” – Soren Kierkegaard
 “The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.” – William Hazlitt
 “The man who does not read books has no advantage over the one who cannot read them.” – Mark Twain
 “Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.” – Christian D. Larson
 “Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.” – Malcolm X
 “Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rogers
 “You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” – Zig Ziglar
 “The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
 “Skill is only developed by hours and hours of work.” – Usain Bolt
 “You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – C.S. Lewis
 “The expert in anything was once a beginner.” – Helen Hayes
 “Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.” – Robert Collier
 “Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own.” – Bruce Lee
 “The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go.” – Dr. Seuss
 “Don’t go through life, grow through life.” – Eric Butterworth
 “Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” – George Bernard Shaw
 “It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
 “With self-discipline most anything is possible.” – Theodore Roosevelt
 “Learn to work harder on yourself than on your job.” – Jim Rohn
 “Those at the top of the mountain didn’t fall there.” – Marcus Washling
 “In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.” – Bill Cosby
 “Do one thing every day that scares you.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
 “What does ‘happy’ mean? Happiness is not a state like Vermont.” – Abraham Maslow
 “The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” – Dalai Lama
 “The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.” – William Saroyan
 “Happiness is a warm puppy.” – Charles M. Schulz
 “Happiness is not the absence of problems, it’s the ability to deal with them.” – Steve Maraboli
 “The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” – Mahatma Gandhi
 “Some people cause happiness wherever they go, others whenever they go.” – Oscar Wilde
 “You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.” – Jonathan Safran Foer
 “The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
 “Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There’s going to be stress in life, but it’s your choice whether you let it affect you or not.” – Valerie Bertinelli
 “You don’t have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you.” – Dan Millman
 “The spiritual journey is individual, highly personal. It can’t be organized or regulated. It isn’t true that everyone should follow one path. Listen to your own truth.” – Ram Dass
 “Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It’s the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.” – Adam Ant
 “Meditation is not a way of making your mind quiet. It’s a way of entering into the quiet that’s already there – buried under the 50,000 thoughts the average person thinks every day.” – Deepak Chopra
 “You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” – Brian Tracy
 “What you think you become. What you feel you attract. What you imagine you create.” – Buddha
 “Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live.” – Jim Rohn
 “Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body.” – Marcus Tullius Cicero
 “There is a crack in everything, that’s how the light gets in” – Leonard Cohen
 “Your calm mind is the ultimate weapon against your challenges.” – Bryant McGill
 “The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.” – Mahatma Gandhi
 “Forgiveness is the final form of love.” – Reinhold Niebuhr
 “Forgiveness doesn’t make the other person right, it makes you free.” – Stormie Omartian
 “To err is human; to forgive, divine.” – Alexander Pope
 “Without forgiveness, life is governed by… an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation.” – Roberto Assagioli
 “Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself.” – Tony Robbins
 “Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it forgoes revenge.” – Edwin Hubbel Chapin
 “Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.” – Les Brown
 “Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
 “Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.” – Hannah Arendt
 “The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.” – Alan Watts
 “Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” – John F. Kennedy
 “Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later.” – Bob Goff
 “When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.” – Viktor Frankl
 “To change ourselves effectively, we first have to change our perceptions.” – Stephen Covey
 “The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.” – William James
 “The key to change … is to let go of fear.” – Rosanne Cash
 “The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.” – Albert Einstein
 “Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.” – Wayne Dyer
 “Life is a moving, breathing thing. We have to be willing to constantly evolve. Perfection is constant transformation.” – Nia Peeples
 “As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.” – John F. Kennedy
 “Gratitude is a powerful catalyst for happiness. It’s the spark that lights a fire of joy in your soul.” – Amy Collette
 “In the end, maybe it’s wiser to surrender before the miraculous scope of human generosity and to just keep saying thank you, forever and sincerely, for as long as we have voices.” – Elizabeth Gilbert
 “Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.” – Melody Beattie
 “Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.” – Charles Dickens
 “Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.” – Marcus Tullius Cicero
 “At times, our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.” – Albert Schweitzer
 “When I pray, I always thank Mother Nature for all the beauty in the world. It’s about having an attitude of gratitude.” – Miranda Kerr
 “Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.” – Cicero
 “Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” John Wooden
 “The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds.” – Nicholas Sparks
 “Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” – Lao Tzu
 “Love is not about possession. Love is about appreciation.” – Osho
 “One day, someone will walk into your life and make you see why it never worked out with anyone else.” – F. Scott Fitzgerald
 “To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything.” – T. Tolis
 “Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.” – Albert Einstein
 “Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.” – Aristotle
 “What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.” – Pearl Bailey
 “When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.” – Jess C. Scott
 “In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.” – Paul McCartney
 “Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
 “Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” – Albert Schweitzer
 “Fortune befriends the bold.” – Emily Dickinson
 “Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” – Maya Angelou
 “The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” – Colin R. Davis
 “Success is not the absence of failure; it’s the persistence through failure.” – Aisha Tyler
 “You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That’s living your dream.” – Marlon Wayans
 “Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.” – Roy T. Bennett
 “Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” – John Wooden
 “Success is not about being the best. It’s about always getting better.” – Behdad Sami
 “The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
 “Change before you have to.” – Jack Welch
 “Change is the only constant in life.” – Heraclitus
 “Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.” – Wayne Dyer
 “Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.” – Mandy Hale
 “The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.” – William James
 “Change is inevitable, growth is optional.” – John C. Maxwell
 “Moving doesn’t change who you are. It only changes the view outside your window.” – Rachel Hollis
 “Change your thoughts and you change your world.” – Norman Vincent Peale
 “You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.” – Jim Rohn
 “You can do anything, but not everything.” – David Allen
 “Productivity is never an accident. It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort.” – Paul J. Meyer
 “My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do.” – Francine Jay
 “Your mind is for having ideas, not holding them.” – David Allen
 “Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.” – Stephen King
 “Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.” – Franz Kafka
 “Don’t be a robot, build the robot.” – Wade Foster
 “Create with the heart; build with the mind.” – Criss Jami
 “Productivity is not building systems, it’s building the system that builds systems.” – Jabez Tadesse
 “If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you’ll never get it done.” – Bruce Lee
 “Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
 “Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!” – David Dweck
 “Believe on Monday the way you believe on Sunday.” – Rita Schiano
 “Monday is the perfect day to correct last week’s mistakes.” – Anonymous
 “You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” – Martin Luther King, Jr.
 “The mornings are always refreshing, Monday morning is more refreshing after a restful weekend.” ~ Invajy
 “Success is to wake up each morning and consciously decide that today will be the best day of your life.” – Ken Poirot
 “On Monday mornings, I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.” – H. Allen Smith
 “Why do anything unless it is going to be great?” – Peter Block
 “There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.” – Roger Staubach
 “Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
 “Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.” – Dalai Lama
 “Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.” – Christian D. Larson
 “The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” – Jimmy Johnson
 “If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.” – Maya Angelou
 “I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
 “The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.” – Napoleon Hill
 “Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open.” – John Barrymore
 “If you want to change the world, start off by making your bed.” – Admiral William McRaven
 “The only place you find success before work is in the dictionary.” – May V Smith
 “Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” – Steve Jobs
 “Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.“ – Theodore Levitt
 “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
 “Modern technology has become a total phenomenon for civilization, the defending force of a new social order in which efficiency is no longer an option, but a necessity imposed on all human activity.” – Jacques Ellul
 “If you can dream it, you can do it.” – Walt Disney
 “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” – Arthur C. Clarke
 “Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat.” – Steve Jobs
 “Every once in a while, a new technology, an old problem, and a big idea turn into an innovation.” -Dean Kamen
 “Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship…the act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth.” – Peter Drucker
 “The best way to predict the future is to invent it.” – Alan Kay
 “Individual commitment to a group effort – that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.” – Vince Lombardi
 “The strength of the team is each individual member. The strength of each member is the team.” – Phil Jackson
 “The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.” – James Cash Penney
 “Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.” – Helen Keller
 “Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.” – Andrew Carnegie
 “If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.” – Henry Ford
 “The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.” – James Cash Penney
 “No one can whistle a symphony. It takes a whole orchestra to play it.” – H.E. Luccock
 “Individually, we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.” – Ryunosuke Satoro
 “When you hand good people possibility, they do great things.” – Biz Stone
 “Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you.” – Anne Lamott
 “It is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?” – Henry David Thoreau
 “The best way to find balance is to embrace the extremes.” – Joey Reiman
 “Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.” – Albert Einstein
 “Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm, and harmony.” – Thomas Merton
 “In the end, we’re all just walking each other home.” – Ram Dass
 “Balance is not better time management, but better boundary management. Balance means making choices and enjoying those choices.” – Betsy Jacobson
 “Work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls— family, health, friends, integrity—are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.” – Gary Keller
 “No one on his deathbed ever said, ‘I wish I had spent more time at the office.” – Paul Tsongas
 “The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” – Michael Altshuler
 "Together Everyone Archives More, that's TEAM work." - Gontse Maledu
 "No matter how far you urinate, the last drop will always end at your feet." - Thapelo Tlowana
